the water crisis in Sao Paulo was
declared in January of this year
little has been done and the level of
systems that cater to large
Paulo continued to fall
according to Professor antônio our Zuffo
The main reservoirs can dry in
the current rate of growth without
consider new specifications the obvious
that would be in the defeat of the 7th of
November
the cantante the economic staff was
pumped is between day within eight days
October 27 and from May 15
182.5 billion liters of water from
technical reserve of the cantante system
are being used and the sabesp zap de
authorization to raise another 116 billion
of liters of the reserve
the withdrawal of 25
billion liters of volume water
dead of the high tietê system
we are exhausting our reserves
Is this the best way
Are you reaching your check limit?
Special
It's a shame you keep spending that
You 're already breaking the limit.
special or you would have to change your
posture and start saving because the
people have to work with water as if
it was a resource we used to use
free when there is this resource is vital right?
essential of human activity and life
without it it does not exist and we need it
water not just to bathe to kill
for the very maintenance of life and
without this resource would be war
I think you've never seen people fight
a bottle of water that would be a
situation of water shortage but consumption
this is a pretty black picture and the
dark why we should
save as much as possible today because
today's economy may be the
tomorrow's supply guarantee